There is a place in Chang'an City...
adjacent to the Ghost Market.
Peddlers,
merchants,
and commoners live together.
There are the filthy rich,
and those living in misery,
penniless.
This place...
is Wuben Fang.
Cry, cry, cry!
Hu Laohan, control your grandson!
It's the middle of the night!
Are you going to let us sleep or not?
Afraid people don't know
you got a grandson, huh?
Hu Laohan!
Fine.
If I can't sleep,
none of us will sleep!
Fool!
Where's your father?
Your son is crying like that,
and neither of you does anything?
Fool!
Hu Laohan!
The child is crying like this and no one cares.
Why did you go to Hu Pin's house late at night?
Hu Pin's grandson wouldn't stop crying.
It was so loud I couldn't sleep.
My lord, it really has nothing to do with me!
I didn't do it!
Ask them!
Someone else must have heard it too.
Say something!
Why won't you speak?
My lord,
I have no grudge against Hu Pin.
At most, I just looked down on him.
I mocked him for having a foolish son.
They... they all cursed Hu Pin too!
Usually, you all
point fingers at Hu Pin too!
Why are you all mute now?
The fatal wound is in the heart.
Caused by a sharp weapon.
One strike killed him.
A suture line runs from the heart to the abdomen.
A straw doll was stuffed into the abdomen.
The stomach and intestines were crushed.
What kind of immense hatred
would drive someone to cast such a vicious curse?
A curse?
Ancient records state
that placing a straw doll in a person's belly
means even if the deceased is reincarnated,
it will end his bloodline.
But the strange thing is,
even with such great hatred,
the killer
actually spared Hu Pin's foolish son
and his little grandson.
The one who couldn't bear to hurt them
is most likely
Hu Ya's wife.
Come again next time!
Feather dusters!
Sachets! Little bells!
Sir, what do you need?
Are you the Gossipmonger they talk about?
I'm just a peddler.
I wander the streets and alleys,
so regarding everyone's business,
I do know a little bit.
You know Hu Ya, right?
I do.
The fool from East Street.
I know him.
Then do you know where he got his wife?
Got?
Pfft!
Hu Ya's mother died early.
His father, Hu Pin, was a good-for-nothing.
And he himself is a fool.
Where could he possibly get a wife?
Then why was that woman willing to marry into the Hu family?
What is her background?
Well...
They say she was found.
Found?
If she was really found,
the Hu family wouldn't have been the ones to get her.
If you ask me, most likely,
they spent all their family savings to buy her.
You have no idea.
That Hu Pin, who's always been looked down upon,
can finally hold his head up high this time.
Goods for sale! Goods for sale!
Small rattle drums!
That Hu Pin...
Ladies.
Is your tongue itching again?
Whose gossip are you chewing on now?
Shoo, shoo! You're everywhere!
Tell me.
Tell me about it, let me hear.
What else is there to say?
Here comes the man himself, doesn't he?
So beautiful.
Old Man Hu.
You look radiant with joy.
I was afraid the child would get bored at home,
so I brought him out for a stroll.
Old Man Hu, became a father again?
A father again?
What kind of talk is that?
Don't laugh, don't laugh.
This is Hu Ya's child.
My grandson.
Look, it's a boy.
A boy! He looks so beautiful.
Congratulations, Old Man Hu.
Take this as my gift for the little boy.
Good, good, thank you.
That Old Man Hu...
He's a decent man.
I usually just tease him for fun.
What does that woman look like?
Haven't seen her.
But I heard...
ever since that woman entered the Hu family,
the Hu family's front door
has been kept shut all day long.
And this Hu Pin,
really treats that woman like a treasure.
Terrified someone might steal her away.
Alright.
May your business prosper, boss.
Come back next time!
Come back if you need anything!
My Lord.
I've asked around and clarified.
Hu Ya indeed had a wife.
But...
she disappeared after giving birth to the Hu family's boy.
Lao Yao.
Hmm?
The Longevity Lock.
This item...
is not cheap to make.
The Hu family isn't wealthy.
How could they afford to make this?
This object is brand new.
It looks like it was made recently.
Could it be that before Hu Pin died,
he came into a windfall?
Guiyi.
Go check the nearby silver shops.
Yes, sir.